My name is Jiangnan
It was raised by the Lu family
I am pregnant with Lu Jinchi's child
I want to leave Lu Jinchi
Lu Jinchi
Land Gallop
I will always be with you.
Brother, you just told me to stay still.
Brother, we are adults today.
You can wear makeup now.
Do you look good? You are mine.
Who will bully you in the future
Remember to tell your sister
Brother will treat you well all his life
forget
Get ready to go out
If you are going to be a pregnant sister today
Pregnant sister, have you forgotten?
You are already pregnant with a small
baby
Whose is it?
You forgot something so important
Here I am for the first day.
I suddenly realized that I don't miss you at this moment
Well, do you remember?
We're getting married.
A Little Dream
That's right.
Because you are pregnant with my treasure
So we're getting married.
Mr. Lu found it
Miss Jiang is with the private master
Ma'am?
Can you call your wife?
The wife went to the hospital with the private master